
TODO: add this somewhere: annoying_repeat("An unexpected error has occurred.")
TODO: add testing
TODO: "how many people have functions that are never called?"
TODO: "ellen please put your phone away"
TODO: confirm parents' consent in collected survey

1. What's the first thing you do when you get home from your honeymoon?

2. Who's the best chess player you've ever played against?

3. How do you feel about pretending to be sick on your honeymoon?

4. What do you do when you get a new computer?

5. What are the 5 most dangerous things to hike in?

6. Who are the ultimate HomeTeam players in yourhouse?

7. How do you feel about Hide and Seek?

8. What is your favorite part of your honeymoon?

9. What's the best hiking Trail in the World?

10. Who is the Boss in your house?

1. What would the couple most likely do on a honeymoon - go for a hike, laugh at a comedy club, play chess, or tinker with computers?

2. What would the couple most likely bring on a camping trip - a laptop, a chess set, a tent, or a joke book?

3. What sport would the couple most likely participate in - ultimate frisbee, team chess, competitive computer programming, or stand-up comedy?

4. What would the "prize" be if the couple wins a game of chess - a massage, a funny t-shirt, an expensive laptop, or a romantic hike?

5. What kind of game night would the couple likely host - play cards, play chess, watch stand-up comedy, or work on their computers?

6. For date night, what would the couple most likely do - go to a comedy show, go hiking, go out for Greek food, or build a website?

7. After a good laugh, what would they do next - play chess, search for funny GIFs, eat dessert, or watch a movie?

8. After a tiring day, what is the couple most likely to do

1. If your partner were to attempt a climb up Mt. Everest, what would you miss most about them?
2. What would you rather do--debate the best coding language or compete in a chess tournament?
3. What's the most ridiculous filter you've ever seen on Instagram?
4. If your partner could only eat one type of food for the rest of their lives, what would it be?
5. Who would win in a comedy battle, you or your partner?
6. If your partner had to choose between a Mac or a PC, which would they pick?
7. If your partner were stranded on a desert island and you could send one item to them, what would it be?
8. What's a better way to spend a Saturday night, hiking or goofing around playing video games?
9. What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen your partner do in public?
10. If you could turn your partner into any type of animal, what would they choose?
1. If money was no object, where would your spouse take you on a dream vacation involving hiking and comedy?
2. How would your spouse respond to a hacker trying to break into your computer?
3. If you could join forces to tackle any life challenge, what challenge would you pick?
4. What would your spouse do if he/she found a chess piece on the trail?
5. If your spouse had a superpower, what would it be?
6. What would your spouse order as a midnight snack after a long night of intense computer coding?
7. Who would win a chess match if you and your spouse played against each other?
8. If your spouse could take one group of friends on a comedy-filled hike, who would they invite?
9. What kind of characters would your spouse create for a video game based on a comedy genre?
10. If your spouse could pick any catchphrase for a comedy routine, what would it be?
